feat: improvements on glossary articles (#33413)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/color_wheel/index.md

{{GlossarySidebar}}

> **Color wheel**, or _color circle_, is a chart representing a palette of colors in a circle. A color wheel can display colors identified by two polar coordinates, the _angle_ and the _distance_ from the origin, the circle's center.

Reviewer: prefer the original

Author: yeap..the original one should be better:)

(though, two articles `a`, sounds repetitive..?)

will this be better?

```suggestion
A **color wheel**, or a _color circle_, represents a palette of colors in chart form, arranged in a circle. A color wheel can display colors identified by two polar coordinates, the _angle_ and the _distance_ from the origin, the circle's center.
```

or keep the original one~?

```suggestion
A **color wheel**, or _color circle_, is a chart representing a palette of colors in a circle. A color wheel can display colors identified by two polar coordinates, the _angle_ and the _distance_ from the origin, the circle's center.
```
